PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Notice details information regarding the use and disclosure of User Information collected through the Super Cricket 2 Game. Nikhil Suresh Games (“the Developer”) provides this Privacy Notice to help you make an informed decision about whether to use or continue using the Super Cricket 2 Game
By using the Super Cricket 2 Game or by submitting any personal information you agree to this policy. 

INFORMATION 
Analytics: We use Google Analytics to develop and analyse use of the Super Cricket 2 Game. Information collected via this tool is anonymous and is subject to the Google privacy policy. 
Location Data: We may collect and process your location data to provide location related Services and advertisements. We may use various technologies to determine location, such as GPS, Wi-Fi or other network-based data such as IP address. Your GPS geo-location is not accessed without your consent. We will not share your GPS geo-location with third parties without your consent. Please note that we may share your anonymous location data with partners in order to improve services. 
Phone State: We may require access to read your device’s telephony state in order to verify if the device is currently making a phone call. This is used to pause or stop the app during phone calls.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you play the Super Cricket 2 Game. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other applications in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en and http://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy/ 

INFORMATION USE 
If you submit personally identifiable information to us through the Super Cricket 2 Game, then we use your personal information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the Super Cricket 2 Game. 
Any personal information that you voluntarily disclose online becomes publicly available and can be collected and used by others. Your account name (not your email address) is displayed to other Users through the Super Cricket 2 Game. 
We use both your personally identifiable information and certain non-personally-identifiable information (such as anonymous User usage data, location, etc.) to improve the quality and design of the Super Cricket 2 Game and to create new features, promotions, functionality, and services by storing, tracking, and analysing User preferences and trends. 

INFORMATION DISCLOSURES 
We provide personally identifiable information and non-personally-identifiable information to our subsidiaries, affiliated companies, or other businesses or persons for the purpose of processing such information on our behalf. We require that these parties agree to process such information in compliance with our privacy policy, and we use reasonable efforts to limit their use of such information and to use other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. 
We do not share your personally identifiable information (such as name or email address) with other, third-party companies for their commercial or marketing use without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out. 
We do share non-personally-identifiable information (such as anonymous User usage data, device information, etc.) with interested third-parties to assist them in understanding the usage patterns for certain content, services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality on the Super Cricket 2 Game. 
We may release personally identifiable information and/or non-personally-identifiable information if required to do so by law, or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a court order, or search warrant. 
We  also reserve the right to disclose personally identifiable information and/or non-personally-identifiable information that we believe, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to enforce our Terms and Conditions of use, take precautions against liability, to investigate and defend itself against any third-party claims or allegations, to assist government enforcement agencies, to protect the security or integrity of our applications, and to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of us, our Users or others. 

SPECIAL PROVISIONS FOR CHILDRENS PRIVACY 
We do not knowingly collect or maintain personally identifiable information or non-personally-identifiable information on the Super Cricket 2 Game from persons under 13 years of age, and no part of our game is directed to persons under 13. If you are under 13 years of age, then please do not use or access the Super Cricket 2 Game at any time or in any manner. If we learn that personally identifiable information of persons under 13 years of age has been collected on the Super Cricket 2 Game without verified parental consent, then we will take the appropriate steps to delete this information. 

PRIVACY CHOICE 
You may, of course, decline to submit personally identifiable information through the Super Cricket 2 Game, in which case we may not be able to provide certain services to you.
To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps (such as authenticating with Google servers) to verify your identity before granting you profile access or making corrections. 
